1. Is k user defined just like m and n, or can it be coded with a value?
A: both are ok.

2. Should a charging station report to the base station when it is occupied, or when all of its neighbours are also occupied?
A: Only when all neighbours are occupied, we are trying to minimize communication between the base station and charging stations.

3. Can I implement test.c for the "graceful termination"?
A: Yes, that is the better way.

4. Apart from the base station, can I / do I need a separate thread to manage MPI messages for the other charging stations as well?
A: It's not a must, but it's ok to do so.

5. Can the termination condition of the base station be anything at all? (e.g. runtime, number of reports received, etc.)
A: The best way is to specify a definite condition, e.g. number of iterations, user interrupt, etc. Because at the end of the day, we are trying to simulate a real world condition. Imagine that we are to shut the program down for maintenance.
(wait for marking rubric)

6. Would using Irecv be better for the base station to better keep track of the runtime (say it's the termination condition)?
A: It's up to the user design.

7. Can I pair MPI_Send with MPI_Irecv and vice versa?
A: Yes.

8. Assignment spec Part A 1a: What is the threshold specified by the user used for? It is not stated in the description document.
A: Something similar to threshold for k, full threshold, interval for updates, etc.

9. Assignment spec Part A 1b: Does the charging port availability simultation need to be a fixed period? Or is random time (seeded) acceptable?
A: Both are ok.

10. Assignment spec Part A 1e: Does the node need to also notify the base station about who its neighbours are?
A: It's best to do so.

11. Assignment spec Part B 1b: Is it fine for the base station thread to be ALWAYS listening instead of periodically (just like the lab)?
A: Yes.

12. Assignment spec Part B 1f: Can the base station (not the messenger thread) send MPI messages (e.g. termination message) as well, or must it only be sent by the messenger?
A: It's fine.

13. Assignment spec Part B 2a: minimum 2 runs with different scenarios. For my implementation (random start/stop charging times), can I just change the random seed value, or is there anything specific the teaching team is looking for in the different scenarios?
A: It's just to prevent the case where students hardcode the log file. The program needs to be able to respond to different scenarios.

